 Most Americans associate pizza with delivery. But there's really no need to order in when you're craving that gooey blend of sauce, dough, and cheese. Making pizza from scratch can be a fun experience for the entire family.

Pre-made dough can be bought in the
refrigerated section of most supermarkets, but
it's more authentic if you make the dough from scratch.

    To proof the yeast, sprinkle yeast and 1/4 teaspoon sugar over warm water in small bowl. Stir until yeast is dissolved. Let stand until mixture is bubbly. If mixture does not bubble, it is no longer active. Always check the expiration date on the yeast package. Be sure that the water isn't too hot -- very hot water will kill active cultures.

    Image Gallery: International Tomato Dishes

    Let the yeast mixture stand until the bubbles begin to form.
    Let the yeast mixture stand until
    the bubbles begin to form.
    See more international tomato
    dishes pictures.

    Place flour and salt in medium bowl; stir in yeast and 1 tablespoon of oil until a smooth, soft dough forms. Place dough on lightly floured surface.

    To knead the dough, fold it in half toward you and press dough away from you with the heel of your hands. Give dough a quarter turn and continue folding, pushing, and turning until dough is stiff and elastic.

    Shape dough into a bowl; place in a greased bowl. Cover with towel; let rise until doubled in bulk (about 40 minutes).

    Press two fingertips about 1/2 inch into dough. Dough is ready if the indentations remain when your fingertips are removed.

    The dough is ready if you press on the dough and the indentions remain.
    The dough is ready if you press on the
    dough and the indentions remain.

    Punch down dough. Knead dough as described above. Let dough stand five minutes.

    Flatten dough into a circle on lightly floured circle. Roll out dough, starting at center and rolling to edges to form a circle.

    Begin at the center and then roll the dough out towards the edges.
    Begin at the center and then roll the
    dough out toward the edges.

    Place pizza dough onto greased pizza pan. Stretch and pat dough out to edges of pan. Cover and let stand 15 minutes.